# 2021-01-07 3rd meeting

## Attendees

* [Aaron Stannard](https://github.com/aaronontheweb)
* [Claire Novotny](https://github.com/clairernovotny)
* [Eriawan Kusumawardhono](https://github.com/eriawan)
* [Eric Erhardt](https://github.com/eerhardt)
* [Immo Landwerth](https://github.com/terrajobst)
* [James Jackson-South](https://github.com/jimbobsquarepants)
* [John Callaway](https://github.com/ovation22)
* [Ken Cutt](https://github.com/kencutt)
* [Sébastien Ros](https://github.com/sebastienros)
* [Shaun Walker](https://github.com/sbwalker)
* [Tanner Gooding](https://github.com/tannergooding)

## Talking points

* Introduced
    - James Jackson-South
    - Sébastien Ros
    - Aaron Stannard
* Shaun presented a deck on ecosystem grown
* Aaron presented thinking on how to make akka.net easier to approach for
  newcomers
    - Documenting standards
    - Public planning on sprints
* Long discussion around the set of problems we think we need to solve
    - .NET specific problems around OSS vs. general problems with OSS every
      ecosystem has
    - Fear of cannibalism by Microsoft

## Next Steps

* Next meeting is 2021-01-14
* Immo
    - Work with Ken on survey for OSS contributors
    - List a set of criteria/practices libraries should follow
* Jeremy
    - Draft proposal for what guidance is needed
