# 2021-02-18

## Attendees

* [Ben Adams](https://github.com/benaadams)
* [Claire Novotny](https://github.com/clairernovotny)
* [Eriawan Kusumawardhono](https://github.com/eriawan)
* [Eric Erhardt](https://github.com/eerhardt)
* [Immo Landwerth](https://github.com/terrajobst)
* [James Jackson-South](https://github.com/jimbobsquarepants)
* [Jeremy Sinclair](https://github.com/snickler)
* [John Callaway](https://github.com/ovation22)
* [SÃ©bastien Ros](https://github.com/sebastienros)
* [Shaun Walker](https://github.com/sbwalker)
* [Tanner Gooding](https://github.com/tannergooding)

## Agenda

We talked about the problem outline from the [last meeting](2021-02-04). It can
basically be split into two areas:

* **Philosophy**
    - Allowing project consumers to make trust decisions. This is where the meat
      of the discussion is.
    - Maintainer burnout & funding. Related to the previous item.
    - Avoid OSS cannibalism between Microsoft and other parties. Also related to
      the first item.

* **Technical issues**
    - Documentation seems to be worse than in other ecosystems
    - 3rd party experiences can be as good as 1st party experiences
    - Package consumers can patch their dependencies
    - Library guidance

In order to keep this meeting focused and make forward progress we decided to
focus on the very first item in the philosophy section. We'll craft some
documents to capture how aspects of that could be solved.

## Next Steps

* Next meeting is 2021-02-25
* We'll write & review docs:
    - Immo: Revamp the internal dependency doc into public guidance
        + Sync with Ben
    - Jeremy: How to get started with creating an OSS project?
        + Sync with Tanner
    - Eriawan: How to reward contributors?
    - Shaun: How to create sustainable OSS projects?
