# 2021-01-1478 4th meeting

## Attendees

* [Ben Adams](https://github.com/benaadams)
* [Claire Novotny](https://github.com/clairernovotny)
* [Eric Erhardt](https://github.com/eerhardt)
* [Immo Landwerth](https://github.com/terrajobst)
* [Jeremy Sinclair](https://github.com/snickler)
* [John Callaway](https://github.com/ovation22)
* [Ken Cutt](https://github.com/kencutt)
* [SÃ©bastien Ros](https://github.com/sebastienros)

## Talking points

* Discussed the proposed [survey](../docs/survey.md)
    - The phrase "level playing field" is hard to understand
    - We should add a similar question on trust for other big names, such as
      Amazon, Google, component vendors
    - We should add a question on trust regarding like `open source`, `open
      source with commercial support` & `paid source` (or `paid product`)?
    - We should add a question around money/funding for maintainers
    - We should add question around willingness to pay for a library
    - We should add question around willingness to pay for a library by
      contributing
    - We should compare the survey with the .NET Foundation survey
    - We should modify the first question and add "for fun"
    - We should add a question like "I feel like I can choose a license to help
      my business goals"
    - We should add a question why you're not using OSS, license, company
      policy, etc and else
    - We should ask question whether guidance is sufficient
* Discussed guidance, especially on documentation
* Immo presented a list a set of criteria/practices libraries we recommend
  internally

## Next Steps

* Next meeting is 2021-01-21
* Immo
    - Work with Ken & UX to finalize survey
    - Set up meeting with Claire and Jeremy to create a list of deliverables for
      this working group
* Jeremy
    - We present a deck on guidance
    - Will look into doc generation
