# 2021-02-25

## Attendees

* [Ben Adams](https://github.com/benaadams)
* [Claire Novotny](https://github.com/clairernovotny)
* [Eriawan Kusumawardhono](https://github.com/eriawan)
* [Eric Erhardt](https://github.com/eerhardt)
* [Immo Landwerth](https://github.com/terrajobst)
* [James Jackson-South](https://github.com/jimbobsquarepants)
* [Jeremy Sinclair](https://github.com/snickler)
* [John Callaway](https://github.com/ovation22)
* [Sébastien Ros](https://github.com/sebastienros)

## Agenda

* Jeremy and Eriawan need a bit more time for their docs
* We reviewed [Immo's doc](../docs/proposed-library-guidance.md)
    - **How does this doc relate to:**
        + the .NET OSS Library Guidance on docs.microsoft.com?
        + the maturity ladder?
    - **What about having a version 1.x, rather than 0.x?**
        + "Your project should follow normal versioning expectations", e.g.
            previews are marked as previews, experiments are in 0.x, etc.
    - **What about the .NET Foundation? Should you be a member?**
        + Someone else has access to keys
        + More than one contributor, "grow the community around your project"
        + Have a Code of Conduct
    - **Friendly to contributors**
        + Ideally just git clone + build, document pre-reqs, have CI,
          documentation for a contributor, document your workflow, “Respect your
          contributor’s time”, code style (.editorconfig), look at PowerToys

## Next Steps

* Next meeting is 2021-03-04
* We'll write & review docs:
    - Immo: Apply feedback to the doc
        + Sync with Ben
    - Jeremy: How to get started with creating an OSS project?
        + Sync with Tanner
    - Eriawan: How to reward contributors?
    - Shaun: How to create sustainable OSS projects?
